prepare oboe_metal change for fork change (#168)
solarwinds/apm-ruby: CONFIGURATION.md

### Background Jobs

#### Resque

[Resque](https://github.com/resque/resque) is a Redis-backed library for creating background jobs, queuing them on multiple queues, and processing them later.

When starting the Resque worker, it is necessary to set two options: `SW_APM_ENABLE_AFTER_FORK=true` and `RUN_AT_EXIT_HOOKS=1`.

For example:

```console
SW_APM_ENABLE_AFTER_FORK=true RUN_AT_EXIT_HOOKS=1 QUEUE=${QUEUE_NAME} ${EXTRA_OPTIONS} bundle exec rake resque:work
```

Explanation:

* `SW_APM_ENABLE_AFTER_FORK`: This option enables the `solarwinds_apm` library to defer starting a new reporter for each forked process created by the Resque worker. This is crucial to avoid segmentation faults.
* `RUN_AT_EXIT_HOOKS`: This option, provided by Resque, ensures that the forked processes shut down gracefully (i.e., no immediate `exit!`).

Additionally, you need to configure the Resque initializer in your Rails application by adding the following code to `config/initializers/resque.rb`:

```ruby
require 'resque'

Resque.after_fork do
  while !SolarWindsAPM::API.solarwinds_ready?(1_000)
    puts "Waiting"

>   end

Reviewer: Might have misled you with how i stated this, but looking at [underlying liboboe code](https://github.com/solarwinds-cloud/solarwinds-apm-liboboe/blob/defer_init_on_top_of_15.0.2/liboboe/settings.cpp#L1607) it will return as soon as "ready", so the check via Ruby SDK call can simply be something like:
```
unless SolarWindsAPM::API.solarwinds_ready?(8_000)
  puts "SolarWindsAPM is not ready, this job will not be traced."
end
```

cc @jerrytfleung to confirm this is behaviour for current and future liboboe versions.

>   end

Author: Yes, this makes more sense; updated

end
```

Explanation:

> * Since Resque forks a new process for each task, the `solarwinds_apm` gem creates a new reporter for each forked process, which requires some time to become ready. The [`after_fork` hook](https://github.com/resque/resque/blob/master/docs/HOOKS.md) ensures that `liboboe`/`solarwinds_apm` is ready before making instrumentation decisions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Since Resque forks a new process for each task, `solarwinds_apm` needs a certain amount of time to complete initialization at the start of each child process [before it is ready to trace](https://github.com/solarwinds/apm-ruby/blob/main/README.md#check-if-solarwinds_apm-is-ready). This `solarwinds_ready?` check in the [`after_fork` hook](https://github.com/resque/resque/blob/master/docs/HOOKS.md) ensures the library is ready for instrumentation to collect metrics and sample for traces.
```
